PA1: Your CSO has been provided intel that one of the corporate employees is using a Swiss-owned one-click hosting pay-and free-service (with certain restrictions and limitations) website. Your CSO has tasked you to find the name of this application using your corporate Palo Alto Networks firewall appliance’s traffic data. What is the name of the application? Please submit your answer using the following format: flag{}.
PA2: Your CSO wants to know what the ACC risk factor is for the last 30 days for traffic filtered by the Palo Alto Networks firewall appliance. What is ACC risk factor? Please submit your answer using the following format: flag{}.
PA3: Your CSO is really concerned about exfiltration of sensitive data from your corporate network. As a starting reference and for further investigation, he has asked you find out using the Palo Alto Networks firewall appliance what user has sent and received the most bytes of data over the last 30 days. Please submit your answer using the following format using all lowercase letters: flag{}.
PA4: Your CSO is concerned that employee Marsha Wirth may be uploading sensitive information and has tasked you to find the following information about this user from the Palo Alto Networks firewall logs/reports: what application is she using the most?; what is the domain name of Web site she is visiting the most?; and what is the PAN-DB URL categorization of the Web sites she is browsing most frequently? Please submit your answer using the following format using all lowercase letters: flag{<application name;domain name.com;category name}.
PA5: Your CSO is concerned that the employee Marsha Wirth over the last 24 hours may be uploading sensitive information from her computer. Marsha’s host computer may be infected with a reverse access Trojan so your CSO has asked you to find the IP address in the ACC tab of the PANW firewall appliance’s Web-UI. What is the IP address of the source computer that Marsha Wirth is using? Please submit your answer using the following format flag{}.
PA6: Your CSO is concerned that the employee Marsha Wirth over the last 24 hours may be uploading sensitive information and has tasked you to find the destination countries/regions where the data is being uploaded using the PANW firewall Appliance’s Web-UI’s ACC tab. What are the top three destination countries/regions? Please submit the name/region in small caps using the following format: flag{}.
PA7: After analyzing the information over the last 24 hours you are concerned that employee Marsha Wirth may be uploading sensitive information. Using the PANW Firewall appliance ACC tab, what firewall rule is being used the most to upload this traffic? Please submit in small caps using the following format: flag{}.
PA8: What application filters does the security policy rule “watch risky apps” use? Please submit the application filter name in small caps using the following format: flag{}.
